MTV
When will you be home?
It's family dinner night.
I'm working.
and I'll get there when I can.
I've been looking all over for you.
You owe me a lot of money.
Yeah.
We got a problem
we got to talk about in person.
I'll come see you tomorrow.
Three widows.
eight dependents. 250 per household.
- Do they have attorneys?
- Not to my knowledge.
We're gonna make this deal
before they get them.
I told you to stay the fuck away.
Now you're playing husband?
Stop it. Manuel. stop it!
That's the second time
you've pointed a gun at me.
Third time's gonna be the last.
My whole family together
for the first time in ten years.
I'm just so fucking happy.
Out late. huh?
I got to go to Fort Worth.
Can I ride with you?
I need to sit down with Victor.
We gotta take a little detour.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
In a heavy rain standing
Off an old county road
'Side a high rolling river so swift
There was a hitchhiking stranger
Quite pale from the cold
On a cane. trying to thumb down a lift
Well. I pulled up beside him
Let my window on down
To the rain and the bone-chilling wind
Said. "You look awful worn
"In this late-winter storm
"Which way are you headed. my friend?"
Right up to the spotlight
Drinking all that coke and gin
Hey.
And I'll be a suit-wearing man…
We're here.
What time's your meeting?
- Now.
- I'm gonna head to Victor's.
Have the talk.
Oh. it's ten minutes for an Uber.
Can you leave the truck on
so I don't melt?
Well. why don't you
just take the truck?
Then you won't melt
and you won't need an Uber.
Well. how am I gonna get my car back
if I drive your truck there. hmm?
You don't need
to bring your car home today.
I ain't leaving without my Bentley.
Mm-mm. I don't care if I have
to suck his dick for the keys.
you're just gonna have to
man up and move past it.
All right. Well. buy a toothbrush
on the way home.
Love you.
Tommy?
How are you?
The world is my oyster. Cami.
What can I tell you?
Oh. I remember that oyster.
Yeah. our first divorce was so fun.
we thought we'd try it again.
She can come in the house.
No. she's got to go
break up with her husband.
Life is much more interesting
when you two are together. Come in.
- There you are.
- How are you?
He's almost done.
Can I get you something to drink?
It's after 5:00.
Just some coffee.
if you have any. or…
I can sure make some.
- Go on in.
- Okay. All right.
I mean. I guess…
I'm gonna say. outside of three weeks?
Somewhere in there.
Okay.
How are you?
- It's been a week.
- Yeah. I bet.
Want to fill me in
on this accident this morning?
He was standing on something
he shouldn't have been standing on.
He's probably done it
a thousand times. I have.
Am I exposed?
That's a lawyer question.
At this point. you're as much
a lawyer as anybody else.
Well. the pipes came in
in a mixed bundle.
which is not what we ordered.
He knew better
than to be standing up there.
Negligence is his.
But it don't make the pill
his wife's got to swallow any easier.
We'll take care of the family.
Come on. sit.
Hey. you guys spill that
on the carpet.
your mother's gonna kill you.
Save some for me.
Girls on break?
Yeah.
Convincing her to go to TCU
is one of my greatest accomplishments.
They want to drink margaritas.
mess around with the boys.
they can do it by the pool.
They want to go to the bars.
my driver takes them.
- picks them up.
- Hmm.
You're coming to that point
pretty soon. you got a plan?
Yeah. I'm gonna cement rebar
into a cinder block
and chain her to it till she's 30.
She'll chew right through that shit.
Her mother might.
- We get this lease thing worked out?
- Yeah.
I understand TTP
is seeing things our way?
This little lawyer's a pit bull.
I tell you.
So I hear. How about the well thing.
that working out?
Offering bereavement payments
to the families.
- How much?
- Got to go north of 250 per. I think.
to make it stick. Thank you.
- Thank you. sweetheart.
- Staying for dinner?
I wish I could.
but I think I… I should get going.
- It's good to see you.
- You. too.
- So. you called the meeting…
- Yeah.
- The Hermosa Field lease?
- Yeah?
That land is a distribution route
for drugs headed north.
Yeah. they stole our plane.
Well. they want compensation
for the product they lost.
Get in line.
They made threats
and the crew is spooked.
They don't want to work the field.
Well. that's not an option.
You got any senators in your rolodex?
Maybe the army wants to come down here
and play war games for a few weeks?
- Who all is drilling up in that field?
- Everybody.
BP and Marathon
and Chevron. everybody.
- Let me make a few calls.
- Can you make them fast?
'Cause we're supposed to
start clearing pads next week.
You ever done this before?
More than I can count.
Really? You've faced
widows and orphans
and tried to assign a monetary value
to their loved ones' lives
more times than you can count?
Under these circumstances.
no. I've never done this before.
Let's leave all the lawyer
out here on the porch.
Know what I mean?
No.
I mean. kind of.
What this means.
this section here.
is that accepting these funds
does not nullify
any insurance policy
your husbands may have had.
and they each had term policies
through the company
with death benefits of $25.000.
What are we
supposed to do with $25.000?
It is a nominal amount
to cover funeral expenses.
It's standard through
your medical insurance.
What about
our medical insurance?
Your policy will COBRA.
which means that you will remain
on the policy for 18 months.
Then. you can extend the policy
at your own expense.
This is called a bereavement offer.
It means we recognize the challenges
your families face.
and want to help you overcome
those challenges.
What's the catch?
No catch.
- What do you want from us?
- Nothing.
Just your signature at the bottom
that you received them.
Um…
What does indem… "indemnify" mean?
That refers to liability
and waving assertions of culpability.
What's an assertion?
And what's "culpability"?
Those are legal terms.
It just means
you can't decide in ten years
that the accident was our fault.
What if it was your fault?
It wasn't our fault.
It wasn't your husband's fault.
It wasn't anyone's fault.
But what if it was?
Then you'd have to prove it.
You'd have to hand that check back.
go hire a lawyer.
one better than our lawyers.
and prove it was our fault.
While we try to prove it was yours.
What she means is.
none of us wants to fight.
This is a tragedy. and we would rather
openly offer money to help you
through it. than fight about blame.
But if you're not to blame.
why would you offer us anything?
Because it's cheaper than proving it.
Excuse me.
Sheriff's department.
Uh… Sorry. I must have
dialed the wrong…
Are you calling for Cooper Norris?
Um…
- Yes.
- Are you a friend?
I think so.
Did something happen to him?
- What's your name?
- Ariana.
How do you know him. Ariana?
Uh. he worked on my husband's crew.
Did somebody hurt him?
Someone hurt him really bad.
They beat him.
You know anybody
would want to do that?
Uh… Where was this?
In his trailer at a man camp.
I know someone.
- Who would that be?
- Manuel Lopez.
He threatened Cooper at my house.
Threatened him how?
With a gun.
Threatened to kill him.
Why would he do that?
Because. um…Because jealousy.
How badly is he hurt?
Well. that depends
on how the night goes.
Manuel's threat may come true.
What's your last name. ma'am?
- What hospital is he in?
- Ma'am. I'm gonna need
your last name.
I'm gonna need a statement from you.
You want a statement?
You come to the hospital and get it.
Which hospital?
Midland General.
Wait. just…
Everything okay?
I don't think so.
Who are you?
I'm an associate with Brown.
Mayer. and Hammond. Mrs. Ramsey.
Please. come in.
So. I can come in my own
fucking house now?
- Thank you.
- Mrs. Ramsey?
I'm Nelson Means with Brown. Mayer
and Hammond…
I know. Nelson and what-the-fuck.
and hamster.
- Where's Victor?
- Victor has asked us
to assist in the dissolution
of the marriage.
Would you like to have a seat?
I'd like to speak to him.
Victor would prefer
the prenup to be fully executed
prior to any contact.
- Would he?
- Yes. he would.
I'd like you to focus
on this clause here.
paragraph nine.
This is the infidelity clause
of the agreement.
which states
should you engage in adultery.
the settlement portion
of the agreement will be nullified.
Who did I commit adultery with?
Is it your statement
that you did not engage
in sexual relations
with a Mr. Thomas Norris?
Oh. That's not adultery.
He's my ex-husband.
That is the very definition
of adultery.
Based on your efforts
to travel to him.
the affair was premeditated.
- What do you mean by that?
- I mean. you were
thinking about it before you did it.
That's a crime now?
I mean. I've thought about fucking
Tommy while I was fucking Victor.
None of this is criminal.
But pursuant to the agreement.
all community property reverts
to Mr. Ramsey.
Define "community property."
This residence. the house in Aspen.
the ranch outside of Morgan.
the residence in Cabo.
all liquid investments.
all cash in the joint accounts
and all access to joint credit cards
and automobiles.
- Which automobiles?
- The Range Rovers.
there's an Audi A8.
a Lincoln Navigator…
Just get to the fucking Bentley.
The Bentley was a gift.
All gifts are your separate property.
Hey. well. now
we're getting somewhere.
Define "gifts."
Any jewelry. clothing. accessories
such as handbags. luggage.
You have a personal banking account
with just over $300.000.
Those funds he will concede to you.
We have calculated
child support payments
for Ainsley through her 18th birthday.
He's also written a letter.
He asks you deliver it to Ainsley.
Anything else?
Signature here. please.
Keys to my fucking car.
Keys are in the vehicle.
I'd like to get my things.
Your clothing has been shipped
to Mr. Norris' residence in Midland.
The rest has been packed
inside the vehicle.
Madison will show you to the garage.
I know where the garage is.
Fuck are you looking at?
You the one who left him?
I hope it's true love.
'cause…
you're a little long in the tooth
to come crawling back
and try to kick me out of his bed.
I'd just pull you out
by your fucking hair.
That could be fun.
How many years is it?
Almost nine.
And not one drink?
Not one whiskey.
- You miss it?
- I'm too scared of it to miss it.
So. how worried are you
about these green initiatives?
You're not buying
into that shit now. are you?
Well. don't matter what I buy into.
it matters what
the lawmakers buy into.
Do you know who
the two biggest financial backers
of green initiatives are?
Saudi Arabia and Russia.
Why is that?
We reduce our output.
we're more reliant on their output.
And once that happens. there's
a huge demand for output from us.
and then we're right back
in the middle of an oil boom.
Or the administration changes. and
the oil boom comes two years later.
It's manipulating supply
to increase demand
and they have been doing it
since they've been harvesting
sorghum from the fields
in the Nile River Valley.
Why is Nathan calling my phone?
I don't know.
Shit. I left my phone in the truck.
Hey. do you want me or Tommy?
Hey. Nate. Sorry. I left my phone
in the truck. How'd it go?
Listen. I got news and it's not good.
Well. shit. Nate. it wasn't
a difficult presentation. what…
Cooper was attacked last night.
He's in surgery at General.
I sent Ainsley over there.
so we've got someone on the ground.
In surgery for what?
Don't know. Call the sheriff.
He's expecting you.
Yeah. Okay. okay.
Monty. I've got to go.
- Problem?
- Always.
Call Sheriff Joeberg.
Fuck. Honey. I need
five minutes. okay?
Just start heading to Odessa.
I feel like a whore.
- Honey. please.
- A fucking whore.
And I got to meet
my whore replacement on the way out.
Little bitch was so young.
she had those little dimples
above her ass cheeks.
- Honey. honey…
- Ass dimples.
There's an emergency. okay?
I'm gonna have to call you back.
Fucking cherry on the cake of my day.
- Tommy?
- Walk me through it.
Found him unconscious
in his trailer.
Took a real good beating.
EMS said he had a collapsed lung.
They're worried
about the shots to his head.
He was still out when
they got him on the chopper.
They Care-Flighted him out?
It was bad. Tommy.
I ain't gonna lie.
You got any suspects?
You know a Manuel Lopez?
Yeah. he works on Cooper's crew.
Threatened him with
a pistol earlier in the day.
Over what?
A girl. what else?
I know you like
to handle this in-house.
but this one's on the radar.
Yeah. well.
we'll both handle it. all right?
Just leave me
something to arrest.
Oh. don't mind me.
I'm just schlepping
my whore ass back to Midland
to make a new life with the man
of my dreams who hangs up on me
when I needed some fucking compassion.
Honey?
Cooper's in the hospital.
He's in surgery.
I don't know for what
and I don't know for how long.
But I'll let you know when I know.
I'm heading to the hospital right now
and you need to do
the same. honey. okay?
You understand?
Okay. I'm headed that way now.
I love you. honey.
I'll call you if I hear anything else.
Cooper Norris?
He's in recovery.
His right lung collapsed.
so we inserted a chest tube
between the ribs.
in order to drain the air
and allow the lung to expand.
We'll need to leave that in
for several days.
There's some brain swelling.
It's something we'll monitor.
Okay. Thank you.
Tommy?
Yeah. he's out.
Who are you?
Uh. I'm… I'm his sister.
Mm.
Your turn.
I'm harder to explain.
You just explained it.
Mm-hmm.
Norris?
We've taken him
to his room. I can show you the way.
- Hey.
- What do you know?
Well. Dale says he's out of surgery.
Punctured a lung. got a concussion.
some broken ribs
and a pile of bruises.
- Car wreck?
- A fight.
- Did you say "a fight"?
- Yeah. a fight.
Bunch of guys jumped him
in his trailer.
This is why I didn't want him
working out here. Tommy.
I mean. it's all felons
and thugs and…
I don't wanting him
working out here. either.
but if he's gonna work out here.
he's gonna work with me.
It's the only way we can protect him.
Well. you're doing
a bang-up job of that.
Second week here. second week
in the fucking hospital.
Trust me. honey.
I'll handle this. okay?
And if you want to talk him out of
working at the patch. be my guest.
How far out are you?
Thirty minutes. How about you?
I'm in the parking lot.
In the parking lot?
Did you fly?
Bet your ass I did.
Well. why aren't you in
the hospital with our son. then?
'Cause if the kid lost a fucking leg.
I want to know before I see it.
I need to be strong for him. Tommy.
He doesn't need to see
his mother freaking the fuck out.
Oh. yeah. that'd shock
the shit right out of him.
I'm waiting for you.
so hurry the fuck up.
Okay. I'm on my way.
Call Theodore Ramone.
This is where
all your dreams about to die. Dad.
No. this is where I put
my foot all in your ass.
- Whatever.
- Ain't no way
Tampa Bay is gonna stop Zeke
on the five-yard line.
Look. look.
Just like that!
Sup. Tommy?
Nothin' much.
just driving to the hospital
to see my beat-to-shit son.
Do what?
Yeah. and guess who did it?
Who?
Manuel and Antonio. for starters.
My Manuel?
What the fuck
are your fucking boys doing
putting my son
in the goddamn hospital?
Do you not run
a tighter crew than that?
I'll have this handled before dawn.
No. you've had
your chance to handle it.
You find me five thumpers
that don't play in their side
of the sand box.
and keep your goddamn phone on.
How you feeling. slugger?
Been better.
Yeah. them damn ribs is the worst.
You know. try like hell not to laugh.
and try like ever-loving hell
not to sneeze.
Oh. my God.
What are you doing here?
Well. I was waiting for five hours
to see if you lived through surgery.
Sorry to disappoint.
We're gonna wait outside. amigo.
Okay?
You need anything? Hmm?
Want a pack of cigarettes?
You said. "Don't laugh."
Sorry. My fault. Broke my own rule.
We'll be right outside. bud. okay?
Maybe give 'em some space.
To think. I missed
my first patch party for you.
I'm sure there'll be
plenty of chlamydia at the next one.
Not your fault.
I'm sorry anyway.
You don't deserve this.
"Deserve" doesn't factor into it.
He didn't do this for Elvio.
He did this for himself.
About time. Drive here in reverse?
I'm sorry. honey.
Shit. I don't have
a fucking Batmobile like you do.
Hey. honey.
- Hi.
- Is he asleep?
He's talking with his girlfriend.
Who's his girlfriend?
Well. I… I don't know.
Shouldn't eat that shit. Dale.
They sell it in a hospital. Angela.
How bad can it be?
Your boy's either real tough
or real lucky. Tommy.
You been in with him yet?
He's talking with his girlfriend.
Figured I'd give him that
after all he's been through.
Who is this fucking girlfriend?
He's sleeping.
Yeah. I can see that.
How you holding up. honey?
How's your boy?
He's good.
How are you?
Well. you know.
No. I… I don't know.
but I can imagine.
Oh. my God.
Look at my little angel.
What the fuck?
- I know. Wh…
- Look at him. Tommy!
What happened
to "don't freak him out"?
You better find
the fuckers that did this.
Mom?
- I'm here. baby.
- We know that. honey.
The whole hospital knows.
I know you got a Xanax on you.
so go out in the hallway and take it.
And wait till it kicks in
'fore you come back. okay?
How 'bout that?
Mm-hmm.
I'm gonna…
I'm gonna be right outside.
baby. okay?
- Okay.
- 'Kay.
Oh. my God!
Sorry about that. She…
She gets worked up over the kids.
I'm Mexican. No explanation needed.
I need a minute alone with Cooper.
Yeah. I should get back to my son.
Call me if you need anything.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Thank you.
Nothing's going on.
Her husband just died.
I'm trying…
She called and asked for help.
and I gave it.
She's not my concern. You are.
And at the moment.
the fuckers that put you
in this hospital are my main concern.
If my father steps in…
This is not your dad talking.
This is the general manager
of an oil company talking.
And when my employees
break into another employee's
company-provided housing
and beat the dog shit out of him
to the point where a surgeon
has to re-inflate his lung. I step in.
Manuel and Antonio.
Who else?
You can tell me.
or I'll beat it out of the first two.
I don't know their names.
Maintenance crew
for the buffalo field.
That's all you had to say.
You're gonna have to move slow
with this girl.
She's hurting in a way
that you can't understand.
and she's trying to find
somewhere to put it.
It's not like that.
How many other widows do you think
are sitting in this hospital tonight
with their helpers?
This ain't the first time
you took a beating over this girl.
This is the kind of beating you get
when the first one didn't take.
- Yeah?
- He just got to his trailer.
Alone?
With his roommate.
All right. I want you
to turn those cameras off
and don't cut 'em back on
till I tell you. all right?
Yes. sir.
Can we talk to him now?
No need. Meet me at the man camp.
Give me a ten minute head start.
I'm really relaxed now.
Can I go see him?
He's all yours.
You got plans tonight?
- Soon as you give 'em to me.
- Let's go.
Hey. don't let her drive.
Mm.
You want something?
Don't leave home without it.
We might not even get to use it.
You should just
cut that fucking thing off.
Ain't your hand that got smashed.
- You got a bitch coming over?
- Not till I get paid.
Fuck. It's the boss.
Don't answer. Make like we're asleep.
I can fucking hear you.
What's up?
This seem familiar. motherfucker?
Hey. man…
You get on your fucking phone
and call your friends.
You know. the ones that you called
that put my fucking son
in the hospital.
No?
He don't want to call
his friends. Boss.
Me and my boys will
take him in the back.
Okay. I'd appreciate that.
Oh. we'll convince you.
- Come on.
- No. No. fuck.
Let's talk.
No!
Nobody said get up. Manny.
Have a seat. Manuel.
Here's how this is gonna go.
Needless to say. you're fired.
By noon tomorrow.
you'll be on a "no hire" list
for every fucking oil company
in the Permian Basin.
Sheriff's gonna be here
in about five minutes.
and he's gonna toss
this fucking place.
And I'm just guessing he'll add
felon in possession of a firearm.
possession of a controlled substance.
and maybe possession of
a controlled substance
with intent to distribute.
And any goddamn one of those
violates your parole.
And then. you add on top of that shit.
aggravated assault charge
and kidnapping.
'cause when you shut the door on him.
that's kidnapping.
I ain't a goddamn mathematician.
but that's. like. 30 years.
That's what I do to people
who hurt my family.
You fucked with the wrong hillbilly.
I'm gonna take 30 years
of your life away from you.
And if you ever come back
to this place.
I'm gonna take the rest of it.
Have you met the sheriff?
Stand up and turn around.
They're having a confession
in the back room.
Tommy.
- Did he have anything to say?
- He gave up the names.
Even wrote 'em down for you.
You think he'd repeat 'em to me?
Sure he would if you asked.
Would you confirm the names
of the other assailants?
You… You gonna take me with you?
Well. that depends.
You gonna say something
give me a reason?
I'll give you a reason.
You boys give us a minute?
Haven't done anything
like that since…
2016.
Place is getting wild again.
I got to get my boy out of here
before somebody kills him.
Nah. we run the killers off.
There's something about that boy.
just draws trouble to him
like bugs to a light.
He ain't mean enough
for this place. Dale.
He just ain't mean enough.
There's no shame
in being broken-hearted
Though I try to do more to fix my soul
I'm trying to be more
than when I started
There's no path before me
English — SDH
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm